# Specifying three new features
Consider your achievement of GUI-based Java-application development in this course work. Specifically, focus on the collection of Assignment #2, #3, and soon coming #7. In this project, pick one of them and propose three new features that are not defined in the original requirement for the chosen application. For instance, several pits are placed in the Tortoise-and-Hare assignment (#2) in the way that the one falls in the hole has to sleep for a while. Many such small extensions are possible. I expect however your idea be kept in this level of difficulty, i.e., the workload required by average CS/CpE major student to complete the proposed extensions within two weeks of architectural study and programming work on the Android environment.

Produce your 2-page-documentation (in U.S. letter size) that contains the following items. The outcome of this assignment (Phase I) will be utilized for the the subsequent implementation (Phase II). The documentation format and content organization are free.

Select your application and describe and justify three distinct capabilities you propose to add to the application so as to facilitate better usability and more fun. Note that you must describe what you like to realize, not how you want to program, for each of the three capabilities you came up. Use plain language and to-the-point explanation.

   - Develop a set of images or drawings to explain how the proposed features look like. You should be able to produce sample sessions using Java GUI prototyping tools learned so far. Clearly define the systems activities such as required input(s) and resulting response(s). However, do not spend too much time to develop fancy figures and such.
   - Describe the definition of the input and output associated to the new capabilities. Definition includes type and length or GUI component including color and size. Also, list up all the possible error messages triggered by illegal/wrong operations
   - Include additional information you think useful for the readers of your documentation to understand, implement, and test your proposal. For instance, a potential choice of ADV(s) as some application only works within a limited variation of AVD(s). Most importantly, listing citations (usually web-links) to refer to similar implementation is a significant plus.

Your original, creative, and simple idea wins. Explain your idea as precise as possible. You work will be evaluated based on the quality (conciseness and readability) of design contents and the realistic scope-of-work you proposed.