One-man battleship game
=======================

This assignment needs some effort. Don't wait until the last minute. Your mission is to realize a simplified guessing game, hinted by a well-known plastic board game called [Battleship](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battleship_(game)). The computer secretly arranges six ships on 10 x 10 grid at random in which each ship occupies a number of consecutive positions on the grid. Those ships are aligned either horizontally or vertically. The number of positions for each ship is determined by the type of the ship. The ship cannot overlap and only one ship can occupy any given position in the grid. You will try to find and destroy all of the computer's ships by clicking on a grid to attack the ships. You can play a real version on the web such as [this](http://www.knowledgeadventure.com/games/battleship/) to get an idea. The version to realize in this assignment is simpler and one-man based in which you are bombing those ships generated by your computer. The next sample session will illustrate the game scheme:


*Six ships are secretly placed to 10 x 10 grid. By clicking the place the use will see if ship is bomed (with red marking) or not (with gray marking).*

** Image 1 goes here **

*The hint button will show the arrangement of ships (with black mark). The hint will disappear when the user clicks the board for bombing.*

** Image 2 goes here **

*The user can restart a new game with a different ship formation as well as quit game any time. The statistics of hit and miss counts will be reset also.*

** Image 3 goes here **

*The game is over if the user bombed all the ships.*

** Image 4 goes here **

The computer arranges 6 ships of sizes between 2 and 4. The ship's vertical or horizontal alignment is chosen at random. There are many Java implementations of battleship game on the web. Adaptation of such implementation is up to you (clearly note your citation however). The closest idea and therefore I did implement by myself is [here](http://www.cs.unc.edu/~luv/teaching/COMP110/assignments/program4.html) which explains this assignment rather in verbose and gives a good hint for a similar GUI realization.
